Add basic explanation to ProgrammableAndroids section. (#106)
Slimefun/Wiki: pages/Fisherman-Androids.md

> A specialized android is created to automate the fishing process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Android that specializes in automating the fishing process.
```

## Obtaining
Fisherman Androids can be crafted in an [Enhanced Crafting Table](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Enhanced-Crafting-Table).

## Usage

> You have to put water underneath for the android to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to put water underneath the Android in order for it to work.
```

> To power Androids you need compatible fuel source on each tiers.

Reviewer: Androids need fuel in order to work, you have to fill them with the [Required Fuel](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Normal-Androids#power-source) before booting!

## Tiers

> There are three tiers on fisherman android, each with different modifiers listed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three tiers on the Fisherman Android, each with different modifiers listed below.
```

> | Tier | Fuel Efficiency | Success Rate |
> | ---- | --------------- | ------------ |
> | Basic | 1.0x | 10% |
> | Advanced | 1.5x | 20% |
> | Empowered | 8.0x | 30% |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Tier      | Fuel Efficiency | Success Rate |
| --------- | :-------------: | ------------ |
| Basic     | 1.0x            | 10%          |
| Advanced  | 1.5x            | 20%          |
| Empowered | 8.0x            | 30%          |
```

## Loot Table

> These are items that you can get when using Fisherman Android

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are items that you can get when using the Fisherman Android:
```

> | Item |
> | ---- |
> | Raw Cod |
> | Raw Salmon |
> | Tropical Fish |
> | Pufferfish |
> | Cooked Cod |
> | Cooked Salmon |
> | Bone |
> | String |
> | Ink Sac |
> | Kelp |
> | Stick |
> | Rotten Flesh |
> | Leather |
> | Bamboo |
> | Saddle |
> | Name Tag |
> | Nautilus Shell |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Item           |
| -------------- |
| Raw Cod        |
| Raw Salmon     |
| Tropical Fish  |
| Pufferfish     |
| Cooked Cod     |
| Cooked Salmon  |
| Bone           |
| String         |
| Ink Sac        |
| Kelp           |
| Stick          |
| Rotten Flesh   |
| Leather        |
| Bamboo         |
| Saddle         |
| Name Tag       |
| Nautilus Shell |
```

> | Nautilus Shell |

Reviewer 2: A one-column table is a bit weird I think. Perhaps a list would be better here.

Author: changed to a list
